Whoops whoops comfortable comfortable
Oh, this queen's hand is deep in my heart
Aifei hey hey hey hey hey hey Prime Minister Prime Minister
You you you you you this early in the morning
That's not appropriate.
I am being gentle with my two beloved concubines
Your Majesty
Jin Wang Dangying Department
Plot a rebellion?
King of Jin rebelled
He is my uncle
Get out of here!
Aged wine, taste it with real evidence
Jin Wang Dangying Department
Change private soldiers
Return the gift to betray the country
This
Can I be true?
Your Majesty
It's absolutely true
What does the prime minister think?
Your Majesty
King of Jin
Or the ancestors of sin heaven and earth
When killed without mercy
Oh, then I
This doesn't work why
You see, King Jin is the confidante of the princess?
If I kill King Jing
Then the concubine ignores me
How could His Majesty do this for a woman?
Governance involves the safety and disregard of the country
Relax
I love the country
Love beauty more
Then what does His Majesty plan to do with Jinbao?
I heard that Jin is very rich
Is the King of Jin rich enough to rival the country?
Everyone knows
Then let's copy his house
What will he rebel with if he has no money?
OK
Then give me the money I copied to build a tiger and leopard house
Change the tiger and leopard camera
Night music
Your Majesty's Holy Order Su Hai
Send the guest away